Docs: Clarify DNS setup further (#285)
CluedIn-io/CluedIn.Documentation: docs/020-deployment/howtos/080-configure-dns.md

    global:
      dns:
        hostname: 1.2.3.4.sslip.io
        # subdomains:
          # openrefine: cluedin-clean-dev
          # application: cluedin-app-dev
        
        # If you want to deviate away from the standard 'app' and 'clean' subdomains, you need to add the
        # `subdomains` block of code and ensure that they match in the global.ingress.tls.hosts section as well.
    ```

>     **Note**: For environments sharing a SLD such as `customer.com`, it's important to plan the domains in advance to avoid issues during the onboarding process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: For environments sharing a second-level domain such as `customer.com`, it's important to plan the domains in advance to avoid issues during the onboarding process. 
```

          - '*.mycompany.com'
    ```

1. Save the file and apply changes from the local file to the CluedIn cluster by running the following command:  
    `helm upgrade -i cluedin-platform cluedin/cluedin-platform -n cluedin --values Cluster-Current-values.yaml`

After a short time, you'll see the confirmation of your update in the console. CluedIn is now configured to use your new DNS address.  
![configure-dns-2.png](../../assets/images/ama/howtos/configure-dns-2.png)

> **Note:** This will use the LetsEncrypt service in the cluster to do an HTTP request to validate the certificate. If you would like to use a self-provided certificate, please review the [`Configure TLS Certificates`](/deployment/infra-how-tos/configure-certificates) page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This will use the LetsEncrypt service in the cluster to do an HTTP request to validate the certificate. If you would like to use a self-provided certificate, please review the [Configure TLS Certificates](/deployment/infra-how-tos/configure-certificates) page.
```
